bunq docs (#6820)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_components/sensor.bunq.markdown

---
layout: page
title: "Bunq Bank"
description: "How to integrate your Bunq Bank account within Home Assistant."
date: 2018-10-15
sidebar: true
comments: false
sharing: true
footer: true
logo: bunq.jpg
ha_category: Finance
featured: false
ha_release: "0.81"
ha_iot_class: "Cloud Polling"
---

The Bunq Bank sensor platform allows you to monitor your account balance data as sensors in Home Assistant.

* Turn off the lights when money's tight?
* Play a song when you reach a savings goal?

You can find more information about Bunq Bank at [their website](https://www.bunq.com/). Information on their API can be found on their [developers site](https://www.bunq.com/developer).

## {% linkable_title API Key %}

> Once you have your own Bunq bank account you will need to create an API key, there are restriction on that for specific types of Bunq accounts, at least for Premium and Pack users this is available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have your Bunq bank account you will need to create an API key, there are restrictions on that for specific types of Bunq accounts, at least for Premium and Pack users, this is available.

```

1. Go to your Profile in the app
2. Go to Security & Settings
3. Go to Developers

> 4. Click Api Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click API Keys
```
